the decoration of our table has always been and
there will be plenty of greenery and vegetables
both fresh and salted and marinated
This of course and wild garlic and pepper and cucumbers and
garlic and burl what if we talk about greens
then this is kenzo regana dill parsley
lit take and soot q finally eggplant
tomatoes cucumbers
pepper onion garlic try for example for
start cooking green salad from
cucumbers and tomatoes
Georgian before we take a cucumber we
let's clean it next
cut the ends and brush the skin
now we will cut but not finely put in
cooked dishes take a tomato
cut the core and cut it into
slices ugly glad we take onion cut
it but do not cut it add a chalk
Here is the plan or now we take the greens
Riga well photo they came
dill parsley and we cut them together and
put in the dishes and most importantly do not forget everything
it's salt now all carefully
mix and put on the dish itself
it is already possible to eat so ugly and personally
I prefer the dish to be decorated
all at least like this but you can
to issue an ambassador
and didn't get around the date
and even do not want to touch this
beauty but it is necessary
have to eat it